Hint to use `addEventListener` instead of the onchange property (#28105)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/orientationchange_event/index.md

This event is not cancelable and does not bubble.

> This event is deprecated. Use {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.change_event", "screen.orientation.addEventListener('change', callback)")}} instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event is deprecated. Listen for the {{domxref("ScreenOrientation.change_event", "change")}} event of the {{domxref("ScreenOrientation")}} interface instead.
```
